Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will
show you an Irish and German, Dark Fantasy,
Horror film called Gretel & Hansel, Spoilers
Ahead, watch out and take care.
Once upon a time when there is an enchantress
in a small town, she is casted out by the
villagers, one day 2 children are abducted
by that enchantress, sooner strange and disturbing
secrets are revealed.
Movie starts with a woman narrating a story.
In a time of great suffering & Famine, a girl
is born to a poor couple, they considered
her the most beautiful, but she falls ill,
and she is not expected to survive.
The father takes the child to see an enchantress,
who removes the illness but leaves power within
the girl.
As she grows up, she kills people with her
powers, she even makes her father kill himself,
so they take her to woods and abandon her.
To make friends she lured children in woods
and then killed them.
Few years later, a girl called Gretel and
her younger brother Hansel, they are seen
walking to meet a man about a housekeeping
job.
Upon Arrival, he asks her if she can read,
she says yes, after talking a bit he asks
her if she is still a virgin.
Upon hearing that, she leaves in rain without
job.
Later, her mother asks them to provide for
them, Gretel says she doesn’t want to work
with bad people, then her mother threatens
to kill them.
They leave the house, Hansel unknown to the
truth, he accuses her of not working with
that man.
The siblings find a hut to stay for the night,
upon arrival.
Since they are tired, they try to sleep, a
man appears in the room and attacks them,
Gretel gives him a Batman Slap, and the man
is taken down by a Hunter, he takes them to
his home and advise them to go to forest and
meet good people there, they’ll also train
the kids to survive.
Gretel asks him, what does he want in return
for the food he offered? he says they have
nothing they can give to him but Kindness
which is a reward for him.
And asks them to never turn evil and live
with kindness.
The next morning, he gives them a map and
the siblings go out in woods, Hansel tells
his sister that he is hungry and wants to
hear fairy-tale, she denies it tells him to
be alert in the woods.
Later that night, they see a lady standing
in the dark.
The next morning, Gretel talks to herself
that she always told her mother she could
see things other cannot, but her mother told
her to keep it to themselves.
She goes in the woods and finds Hansel alone;
she breaks down and he says he is hungry.
Sooner, they walk in woods, without eating
for a day, and they see some mushrooms, Gretel
tells Hansel that she could listen the voice
of mushroom and it’s asking them to eat
it.
After they eat it, they are seen laughing
in middle of woods, Gretel gets a vision of
a young girl asking her to follow her.
Later, they come across a gate, Hansel smells
a strong scent of cake coming out from a house.
She stops him, sensing something is wrong,
but soon they go there, he asks her to look,
she looks through the window and sees table
full of food, Hansel goes inside from the
open door and steals some food, and a shadow
appears, Gretel goes and grabs a stone and
throws the stone to door, but it does nothing.
Later A lady called Holda, comes out and invites
her in the house.
Hansel enjoys the meal, she takes a hair of
Hansel and sniffs it, and tells them their
bed is ready, Gretel says they should be going
but they end up taking some rest.
While sleeping, Gretel sees a lady with long
nails and hears a scream, she soon sees spirits
of many children telling her how their family
abandoned them.
She wakes up, and the lady offers them breakfast,
Hansel says he likes meat, but their family
couldn’t afford it, which Holda replies,
you can have all the meat in the world here.
Gretel offers her that they can work for her
in exchange of abed and food, Holda teaches
Hansel how to use an axe, and sniffs him.
Gretel is in the house and Holda shows her
a book with some plants and craft, and offers
a drink, she denied but Holda insists.
Later after Hansel finishes practice, they
play chess, Holda tells them there is a storm
coming, he asks her how she knows that, she
replies, women often know things they’re
not supposed to.
It rains that night, in bed Gretel sees a
girl, she follows her, and she comes across
a room, she sees some bodies, they start to
bleed, and she wakes up.
She washes clothes and sees a doll in the
rocks, then she comes across a surface that
looks hollow from inside, she goes to Hansel
and advice to leave the house saying something
is wrong here, saying there are no animals
to get meat neither any Cattle to draw milk.
Hansel is happy saying they’re safe here.
Hansel practices with axe in woods and soon
he hears a scream and comes across an inverted
pentagram carved into the tree he then sees
a woman.
Gretel touches a cloth, and it bleeds, she
goes in the storage to get another one, and
comes across a hidden entrance.
Later, Gretel notices Holda has darker spots
on her hands, she then shows Gretel how to
use Witch powers to provide for their needs,
and asks her to practice it, after few efforts
she moves a stick in the air.
Holda tells her to awaken the powers inside
her.
Hansel hears a voice and falls asleep.
Gretel goes to woods and tries to learn more
about her powers that she has discovered,
she uses her power to control a tree.
Later, Hansel asks her what she did whole
day, and Gretel now says that Holda taught
her things that can help them to survive.
Hansel recalls how Gretel used to say there
always a price for something, so what is the
price for this gift?
Hansel wants to leave Gretel tells him to
be quite and aggressively throws him outside
the house, he then sees a young girl.
Gretel wakes up, saying it was a nightmare
but desire to get rid of her brother seemed
real, but she can never abandon him alone
in a night.
Gretel then looks through the window and sees
a girl walking.
Gretel talks to Holda, and Holda says that
Gretel is not her mother and should not worry.
Gretel is still concerned and Holda gives
her a drink.
She then goes to her room and throws up, pretending
that she drank it earlier.
She then goes to that hidden door and decides
to open it.
She enters the cellar, and surprisingly finds
her brother in there, he seems strange.
The room fills with blood and sooner a beautiful
girl emerges from it, the girl empties the
buckets of human remains on the table, and
with her magic she turns it into food, the
food that they’ve been eating the whole
time throughout their stay.
Gretel wakes up, and tells herself to play
dumb, untl she can outsmart Holda, Gretel
then sees Holda getting ready to go somewhere.
As Holda leaves, she goes and opens the book
that she uses to do the magic, we see Holda
digging a hole in the ground.
Later, Holda comes back tells Gretel that
soon her brother will come back, by saying
Gretel will become great once she accepts
her weaknesses, Holda eats food and then plucks
out human out of her mouth.
Gretel says what have you done to my brother,
she says, say it again and I will turn you
into ashes, she then says that her little
brother will be delicious.
Gretel says I am not like you, but Holda claims
they’re made of same matter, and same magic
that they can see visions without saying.
And she shows a vision of the beautiful child,
saying Holda is the mother of that child,
and that she hates her, and gave her back
to darkness but she was wrong, and that wasn’t
enough.
The child promised to she share her powers
with Holda if she trusts the darkness, also
that she ate her children and disguised herself
as an old woman to lure other children.
Gretel wakes up locked in the cellar, and
Gretel asks to see her brother, and Holda
with her actual youthful appearance, she brings
Hansel to Gretel.
Holda lures Hansel in a cage so she can cook
him, Gretel tries to use her power and chocks
Holda with a stick burning her, then she uses
her powers to set free.
Few hours later, Hansel wakes up and Gretel
says Holda doesn’t live here anymore and
they’re safe now.
She tells him to leave without her and saying
she will always be with him in his heart.
Before leaving Hansel says you’ll see my
face again, Hansel then reaches his old home
and reclaims his axe.
Gretel says she wants her brother to live
his own story and nurture, and she has her
own story.
Gretel sees the spirits of dead children emerging
from the tress, finally free.
She says they’re free to go.
She is Happy.
However, her fingers start turning black as
Holda’s did, she tells herself that she
is brave, and she trusts herself, and the
movie ends.
Let me know what do you think about this movie
in comment section, and please like & subscribe,
it really helps the channel grow.